Fixed #36140 -- Allowed BaseUserCreationForm to define non required password fields. (#19119)
django/django: docs/releases/5.1.6.txt

* Fixed a regression in Django 5.1.5 that caused ``validate_ipv6_address()``
  and ``validate_ipv46_address()`` to crash when handling non-string values
  (:ticket:`36098`).

* Fixed a regression in Django 5.1 where password fields in forms derived from

>   :class:`~django.contrib.auth.forms.BaseUserCreationForm`, when configured
>   with ``required=False``, were incorrectly treated as required
>   (:ticket:`36140`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :class:`~django.contrib.auth.forms.BaseUserCreationForm` configured with
  ``required=False`` were still treated as required (:ticket:`36140`).
```
(possibly)

Author: Applying!
